Go along with at least that.
I wasn't sure about the approach of it.
It has been killed in the house.
Are you considering something in the nature of
trying to provide health, facilities, or opportunities for these people?
Yes.
Senator, we think that this is one of the real problems and one of the issues
that has to be man and soul.
And while we don't subscribe any more than you do to the total package,
so-called, and bill, we do think that this approach,
this through the social security system, is the proper approach for the solution
of providing some relief for people in this age category.
And then there are several bills before our committee dealing with that subject in this manner.
Now there are about three or four million people who are uncovered,
not covered by social security, which is like some provision for them also.
We hope to be able to include in a bill that we will probably introduce in the next few days.
The inclusion in our plan of these people as well.
And then, well, that's one of the great problems and we have the problem that they can't work at
if they are on social security, and earn more than $1,200.
Well, I think everybody agrees that that should be raised.
And I want to say now, while I have a chance that you are making a great contribution
in your studies of drug prices, because these people who have crippling diseases,
arthritis and such things, constantly are buying drugs.
And your studies indicate that there has been an increase up to 1,000 percent,
I guess, between the cost and the retail price.
And they do appreciate our testimony as full of the indications they do
appreciate your efforts to do something for them.
We appreciate your backing.
I wish we could talk about more problems, but that's all the time.
We have, thank you very much, Senator Pat McNamara.